As always it's time to sum up
this lesson on computer vision,
or mainly computer vision, right.
>> Yeah it's computer vision.
>> Great so what do we go over?
>> We just talked about what
defines computer vision,
what kind of field it encapsulates.
And we also talked about things
that apply computer vision.
You know, we talked about the Alpha Dog,
the creepy dog that you talked about.
>> [LAUGH] Yeah, some interesting
applications that hopefully spark
something inside of you all out there that
>> That might
interest you in making something
similar or better or cooler.
But, yeah, so there you go.
It was fun hopefully, you stick around and
watch us build this application coming up.
Randy's going to build it for you here.